Update WI related docs after recent 0.15 release cut (#1169)
google/knative-gcp: docs/install/pubsub-service-account.md

its improved security properties and manageability. For more information about
Workload Identity see
[here](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity).

**_Note:_**  If you install 

> the Knative-GCP Constructs with v0.13.0 or older release, please use option 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Knative-GCP Constructs with v0.14.0 or older release, please use option 2.
```

To match authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md.

            
**_Note:_**  `spec.googleServiceAccount` in v0.14.0 is deprecated for security implications. 
It has not been promoted to v1beta1 and is expected to be removed from v1alpha1 in the v0.16.0 release.

> Instead, `spec.serviceAccountName` is introduced for Workload Identity in v0.15.0, whose input is a Kubernetes Service Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, `spec.serviceAccountName` has been introduced for Workload Identity in v0.15.0, whose value is a Kubernetes Service Account.
```
